AITA for wearing fake freckles?
I work in a beauty supply store where we sell makeup, hair care products, etc. We got these little “freckle pens” in recently. 

When I was younger I would always get a few freckles in the summer from playing outside in the sun all day. Now that I am older, I try to take better care of my skin. I use sunscreen and try to limit my exposure. 

I miss my freckles, so I decided to try the pen. I picked out the lightest shade so they would look natural. It worked wonderfully and now I use it almost every day. 

I met up with one of my friends for lunch yesterday and she looked at me funny and asked “have you always had freckles?” I told her about the freckle pen and she told me that “it doesn’t sit right with her soul” that she was bullied as a child for having freckles and now people wear them as a fashion statement. I told her I that I just thought they were cute and she said that it felt like “cultural appropriation.”

I don’t *think* I’m in the wrong here. Obviously it sucks that she was bullied but I don’t think using a freckle pen is the same thing as cultural appropriation. 

EDIT: For those asking the pen I used is the freckle pen by lime crime. I got the shade amber, but they have a couple darker shades too. (And a magenta shade too) NOT WATERPROOF

As for the friend I’m probably just not gonna use the pen anymore when we hang out. I only see her once every few weeks anyways! Not really worth imo AITA? For calling my fiancé a bad father?
I 28 year old female have been together with my fiancé 30 Male for 10 years. We have 3 kids. F9, F7 and M4. He is a great provider and I have had the options of working or staying home. For the past 5 years I have been a stay at home mom. I enjoy it! Ok so we had our oldest daughter (9) at 18 and 20. She’s a loving, caring and very energetic baby girl. She loves cuddling and talking about her day and her friends and school she’s a great student as well. My fiancé is very rough with her in the sense of being strict and shutting her emotions down. Tonight my daughter started crying to me and telling me how she hates the fact that her dad is always angry at all of us and how he never wants to hear her out that’s it’s so overwhelming for her. I told her I understood and called her dad over so she could express her feelings to him. I teach all of my kids that it is definitely ok to express your emotions especially when something you don’t like is being done to you. So he went at first she was scared until she finally told him and he kicked me out of her room and I thought it was to speak to her more about it instead I overhear him say “you have to understand that I didn’t have the love your mom had my mom was an evil women and didn’t give me the love I needed. I don’t want to talk about this now especially if you are crying. I love you go to sleep” as he walked out I couldn’t bear to even look at him. I walked into my daughters room her eyes bawling out she couldn’t even breathe without even thinking I lay next to her and hug her tightly she says “I wasn’t even finished talking and he just walked away he didn’t even give me a hug I dont understand” I started crying with her my heart broke in a million pieces. We talked some more and I helped her relax and assured her she could always count on me. As I walked to our room I sit down and tell him everything calmly. He doesn’t say a single word, which usually he never says any single thing. He just gets up and lays down on the floor exhaling a “I need some space” I get extremely mad and say to him “if you are being a bad dad just own up to it. You’re a bad dad just own it and fix it” again silence from him. 
Now I am in bed as he sleeps on the floor and I am realizing that only because we have a 2 parent home doesn’t mean we have a 2 parent home if one parent isn’t present. Yes I have offered him to go to therapy, he refuses. I also understand this is triggering for me as someone who was raised by a single mother, all I ever wanted was my kids to have a decent dad. I’m not saying he is the worst dad of all time but I am saying he never hears anyone out. He shut us all down and says we need to “relax”. He is always right and we are always wrong in his eyes. Sometimes I feel like packing us my kids and leaving. AITA? Am I overreacting?AITA Monthly Open Forum April 2024: Rule 10
Continuing our deep dive into the rules of the sub, we’ll touch on one that covers a few topics. At first glance, it may appear to be a hodgepodge of just “yeah, put the shit anywhere” but all the components are related.First, we do not permit META posts. Anything you wish to discuss about the sub can be done right here in the Monthly Open Forum. META posts were allowed in the early days of the sub, but there’s not much need for them anymore. Quite honestly, most of the META attempts we see are either people trying to do (what they think is) a clever clapback after a removal/warning, or just observations about the sub. And those can be addressed in the comments below or via [modmail.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAmItheAsshole&subject=&message=)

Perhaps the most-frequently used part of Rule 10 is regarding updates. As noted, all standalone updates require approval. We do that for a variety of reasons, but the main one is to ensure that the update still follows sub rules. There have been instances where a post was fairly innocuous, but then the update talks about how someone went to prison for murder after the post, or something. I’m being a bit hyperbolic here, but not as much as you may think! We also sometimes see updates that basically say “we haven’t spoken since the post and I’ve blocked them.” That’s not really an update. So we review all updates to ensure all sub rules are still met.

If I may offer a little peek behind the curtain…It’s been interesting being on this side of the sub. Some updates are just wild and violate all kinds of rules. Others are simply heartbreaking to read. And then there are the ones that make you smile. We review all updates as a team though. So if you wish to do an update post, please know that it can sometimes take up to 48 hours to review. If you happen to catch us when several mods are online, you may get a fast response though.

One of the more recent additions to Rule 10, but one that is being leaned into a bit more it seems, is the last sentence. We are not a sub for diary/saga/serial posting. And we have no interest in becoming one. We’re here for the *occasional* conflict you may have. Not to arbitrate every little encounter you may have. If you find yourself having so many issues that you need to post here frequently, you likely need a level of help that we cannot provide, but may be available elsewhere on Reddit. Excessive posting can result in a ban. We do give users a warning, so this isn’t something that earns an immediate ban, but we’ve seen some folk try to use the sub to just post about everything. This has increased in frequency so much as of late, we’ve actually updated our FAQ and are announcing this here - you may submit no more than one post every 3-4 months *at most.*

___

#As always, do not directly link to posts/comments or post uncensored screenshots here. Any comments with links will be removed.

___

We'd like to highlight the regional spinoffs we have linked on the sidebar! If you have any suggestions or additions to this, please let us know in the comments.